README.md, before:

# Singular Artists Company Website

## Code Institute MS1 Project: User-Centric Frontend Development

A website created to showcase Irish promoter Singular Artists' work in the Event industry. The website highlights various clients the company are representing and their wealth of experience in the industry. 

The site features an about section, a section listing all clients represented, an events listing section and a contact section. There is also a social media plugin to display active promotion to users. 

The primary goal of the website is to inform and direct users to the contact form. As a B2B website, the aim is to convey credibility and assurance to the user. The website layout and navigation structure will guide the user to company information and clientlist highlighting it's reliability and expertise. These sections along with the CTA's and live chat popups will lead the user towards the contact form.  

**The business goals of this website are:**

- To inform users about the exciting client base.
- To increase brand recognition.
- To encourage potential clients to establish contact with the team.

**The customer goals of this website are:**

- To find out more information about the company and it's experience in the industry. 
- To seek validation that the company are reputable and credible in order to potentially build a long-term working relationship.
- To find out which artists the company represents and venues they are currently working with in order to gauge successful ticket sales and events.
- To view evidence of promotional activity such as active social media channels marketing and promoting their current clients.
- To effortlessly find contact information to touch base with the team.


## UX

### User Stories

### -![alt](https://link) IMAGEOFEACHUSERSTORY### 

1. **_As a Venue Manager,_** I want to find out the artists the promoter works with so that I can decide if there is potential to reach capacity and sell-out nights at our venue. 
2. **_As a Venue Manager,_** I want to discover what experience the company has so that I can evaluate if they have enough expertise to work with our venue. 
3. **_As a Venue Manager,_** I want to check out their social media channels to view their current promotional activity to see if they can successfully market events.
4. **_As an Artist/Agent,_** I want to learn about the type of artists the promoter is working with so that I can view previous marketing strategies and the ability to potentially promote our future gigs. 
5. **_As an Artist/Agent,_** I want to view the company history as I want to work with an experienced promoter who is well connected within the industry. 
6. **_As a Ticketing Agent,_** I want to learn about the promoter’s artists and venues so that I can evaluate ticket sales potential. 
7. **_As a Ticketing Agent/Artist/Agent/Venue Manager,_** I want to find out if the promoter is reputable, credible and approachable in order to potentially be able to build a long-term relationship. 

### EDIT EDIT This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included as a pdf file in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.EDIT EDIT ###

### Strategy

My strategy for the site was to provide reputable content and ease of access to users trying to attain information by utilising key UX principals.
I wanted to incorporate the majority of elements from [Peter Morville's UX Honeycomb](https://books.google.ie/books?id=yLd9DwAAQBAJ&lpg=PA6&dq=ux%20honeycomb%20peter%20morville&pg=PR1#v=onepage&q=ux%20honeycomb%20peter%20morville&f=false) to create a great experience for the user. In particular, I believed that the aspects of "Credible", "Valuable" and "Usable" were highly significant to implement in this project. I felt that the owner images and client list would add to the credibility of the company and the overall site.   

#### Ideal users of this website:
- Artists/Bands/Agents
- Venue Managers
- Ticketing Providers

#### These users are looking for:
- An experienced, credible promoter to work with
- Evidence of promotional work

#### This project is the best way to achieve their goals because:
- Most promoter websites increase the cognitive load on the user. This website enables effortless navigation through the pages building assurance and directing the user towards the contact elements.

### Scope
To achieve the strategy goals, I wanted to include the following features in this production release:
- Carousel - Using emotive imagery of live gigs to signify popularity and successful events. The larger the crowd displayed in the imagery, the greater the indication of high revenue/success for potential clients.
- Embed social media feeds & Spotify playlist - Showcase promotional activity and create buzz for clientbase.

Due to time restraints I was unable to include the following but hope to implement the following features in a future release:
- Blog - To provide updates of upcoming events, and artists' news.
- Live Chat app - To provide instant connection between the user and company with high visibility on the site.  

### Structure 

I decided to create a single page website incorporating only the necessary actions and info required by the ideal users to reduce cognitive overload. 
The navigation bar would include the links to all four sections on the right and the company logo/home link placed on the left to follow industry standard and create familiarity with the user. 
This allows the user to easily learn and understand the structure and effortlessly navigate through the site when using it for the first time. 
I decided that the links would also be strategically placed in the intended journey the user should follow. i.e. About->Artists->Events->Contact. This would allow the user to learn about the experience the promoter has, their credibility in the industry with the artists they represent, the large number of events presented gaining the trust of the user propelling them towards the contact section. 
 
### Skeleton
- [Wireframes](assets/wireframes/wireframes.pdf "Singular Artists Wireframe"): Website contains 4 sections; About (Who We Are), Artists (Who We Represent), Events and a Get In Touch section. I had originally thought about creating a website with a homepage and 4 separate pages but later decided to compile all sections into a single page website to create a better flow.
- Fixed navigation bar and footer. Nav bar contains links pointing to each individual section and the footer contains contact, copyright info and Social Media icons. I also wanted to add a link to allow the user to jump back to the top instead of scrolling to help with UX.

### Surface 

The company logo incorporates the vibrant dual colours of white and bright pink. 
The promoters selected the striking colours to convey a sense of confidence and excitement as a reflection of their industry.
I wanted the brand colours to feature as the accent colours in the CTA's to connect the brand with the actions taken by the user. To allow the CTA's and brand colours to stand out and gain the attention of the user, I wanted to keep the rest of the site monochrome with a white background and black and grey text. This also allows the website to appear less cluttered and minimalistic adding to the overall UX. This color scheme was chosen to create a sleek and modern feel in keeping with the brand.

 typography and design elements will be used? 


## Features

### In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

### For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.
 
### Existing Features
- Home - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- About - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- Artists - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- Events - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- Contact - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z

###In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
###- Another feature idea

 Technologies Used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.

1. HTML
2. CSS
3. Bootstrap CHECK VERSION

## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:
- Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
- Different configuration files?
- Separate git branch?

In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.


## Credits

### Content
- The text for section Y was copied from the [Wikipedia article Z](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z)

The text for the About Section was copied from:
- the [Nialler9 article](https://nialler9.com/new-irish-music-promotions-company-singular-artists)
- the [Pollstar article](https://www.pollstar.com/article/singular-artists-new-irish-promoter-in-town-backed-by-kilimanjarodeag-146376 )
- the [IQ article](https://www.iq-mag.net/2020/09/deag-launches-ireland-singular-artists)

 
### Media
 The images used in this site were obtained from the following sources:

- Singular Artists Company Logo - [from Singular Artists' Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/wearesingularartists/photos/a.100978908278580/118419983201139/?type=3&theater)
- Singular Artists Company Directors Image - [from Pollstar](https://www.pollstar.com/article/singular-artists-new-irish-promoter-in-town-backed-by-kilimanjarodeag-146376 )
- Dermot Kennedy Carousel Image - [from Ambient Light](https://www.ambientlightblog.com/dermot-kennedy-auckland-nz-2019/dermot-kennedy-feature/)
- Picture This Carousel Image - [from Golden Plec](https://www.goldenplec.com/galleries/picture-this-at-3arena/#image-18)
- Fontaines DC Carousel Image - [from Pollstar](https://www.pollstar.com/article/first-etep-2019-results-already-10-confirmed-festival-slots-for-fontaines-dc-137581)
- Fontaines DC Gallery Image - [from The Face](https://theface.com/music/fontaines-d-c-punk-poetry-a-heros-death-dogrel-interview-grian-chatten)
- Dermot Kennedy Gallery Image - [from Irish Central](https://www.irishcentral.com/culture/entertainment/irish-singer-dermot-kennedy)
- Picture This Gallery Image - [from Official Charts](https://www.officialcharts.com/chart-news/picture-this-top-10-biggest-songs-on-the-official-irish-singles-chart__25912/)
- Hall & Oates Gallery Image - [from Parade](https://parade.com/983201/laurawhitmore/hall-and-oates-2020-tour-dates/)
- Alanis Morissette Gallery Image - [from Hello!](https://ca.hellomagazine.com/celebrities/02020081957212/alanis-morissette-skincare-routine-using-the-body-shop-since-1990s)
- The Dubliners Gallery Image - [from Festivaly](https://festivaly.eu/en/artists/the-dublin-legends/654005)
- Sam Wickens Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Sam Wickens Twitter Account](https://twitter.com/samwickensmusic)
- Ailbhe Reddy Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Read Dork](https://www.readdork.com/features/getting-to-know-ailbhe-reddy)
- Boy Pablo Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Teco Apple](https://tecoapple.com/2020/07/13/boy-pablo-lanca-o-single-honey-e-o-b-side-jds-song/boypablohoneya020/)
- Reevah Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from XS Noise](https://www.xsnoize.com/interview-with-derry-based-americana-folk-artist-reevah/)
- Novo Amor Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Mr Life Day](https://mrlifeday.com/novo-amor-birthplace-and-interview/)
- Pillow Queens Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Giglist](https://giglist.com/buzz/article/review-pillow-queens-handsome-wife)
- Elderbrook Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Official Charts](https://www.officialcharts.com/chart-news/elderbrook-explores-the-power-of-human-connection-on-his-debut-album-why-do-we-shake-in-the-cold-first-listen-preview__31001/)
- Maija Sofia Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Strange Brew](https://www.strangebrew.ie/new-events-1/2020/2/20/maija-sofia)
- Rhys Lewis Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from The Evening Standard](https://www.standard.co.uk/showbiz/celebrity-news/rhys-lewis-my-songs-are-so-personal-it-can-be-awkward-for-the-people-in-them-a3427356.html)
- Fontaines Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Pollstar](https://www.pollstar.com/article/first-etep-2019-results-already-10-confirmed-festival-slots-for-fontaines-dc-137581)

 The video links used in this site were obtained from the following sources:
- Fontaines DC Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://theface.com/music/fontaines-d-c-punk-poetry-a-heros-death-dogrel-interview-grian-chatten)
- Dermot Kennedy Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.irishcentral.com/culture/entertainment/irish-singer-dermot-kennedy)
- Picture This Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.officialcharts.com/chart-news/picture-this-top-10-biggest-songs-on-the-official-irish-singles-chart__25912/)
- Hall & Oates Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://parade.com/983201/laurawhitmore/hall-and-oates-2020-tour-dates/)
- Alanis Morissette Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://ca.hellomagazine.com/celebrities/02020081957212/alanis-morissette-skincare-routine-using-the-body-shop-since-1990s)
- The Dubliners Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://festivaly.eu/en/artists/the-dublin-legends/654005)
- Sam Wickens Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://twitter.com/samwickensmusic)
- Ailbhe Reddy Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.readdork.com/features/getting-to-know-ailbhe-reddy)
- Boy Pablo Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://tecoapple.com/2020/07/13/boy-pablo-lanca-o-single-honey-e-o-b-side-jds-song/boypablohoneya020/)
- Reevah Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.xsnoize.com/interview-with-derry-based-americana-folk-artist-reevah/)
- Novo Amor Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://mrlifeday.com/novo-amor-birthplace-and-interview/)
- Pillow Queens Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://giglist.com/buzz/article/review-pillow-queens-handsome-wife)
- Elderbrook Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.officialcharts.com/chart-news/elderbrook-explores-the-power-of-human-connection-on-his-debut-album-why-do-we-shake-in-the-cold-first-listen-preview__31001/)
- Maija Sofia Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.strangebrew.ie/new-events-1/2020/2/20/maija-sofia)
- Rhys Lewis Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.standard.co.uk/showbiz/celebrity-news/rhys-lewis-my-songs-are-so-personal-it-can-be-awkward-for-the-people-in-them-a3427356.html)



Font Awesome
Tinypng





### Acknowledgements

- I received inspiration for this project from X

Commit message:

Update README with deployment steps

README.md, after:

# Singular Artists Company Website

## Code Institute MS1 Project: User-Centric Frontend Development

A website created to showcase Irish promoter Singular Artists' work in the Event industry. The website highlights various clients the company are representing and their wealth of experience in the industry. 

The site features an about section, a section listing all clients represented, an events listing section and a contact section. There is also a social media plugin to display active promotion to users. 

The primary goal of the website is to inform and direct users to the contact form. As a B2B website, the aim is to convey credibility and assurance to the user. The website layout and navigation structure will guide the user to company information and clientlist highlighting it's reliability and expertise. These sections along with the CTA's and live chat popups will lead the user towards the contact form.  

**The business goals of this website are:**

- To inform users about the exciting client base.
- To increase brand recognition.
- To encourage potential clients to establish contact with the team.

**The customer goals of this website are:**

- To find out more information about the company and it's experience in the industry. 
- To seek validation that the company are reputable and credible in order to potentially build a long-term working relationship.
- To find out which artists the company represents and venues they are currently working with in order to gauge successful ticket sales and events.
- To view evidence of promotional activity such as active social media channels marketing and promoting their current clients.
- To effortlessly find contact information to touch base with the team.


## UX

### User Stories

### -![alt](https://link) IMAGEOFEACHUSERSTORY### 

1. **_As a Venue Manager,_** I want to find out the artists the promoter works with so that I can decide if there is potential to reach capacity and sell-out nights at our venue. 
2. **_As a Venue Manager,_** I want to discover what experience the company has so that I can evaluate if they have enough expertise to work with our venue. 
3. **_As a Venue Manager,_** I want to check out their social media channels to view their current promotional activity to see if they can successfully market events.
4. **_As an Artist/Agent,_** I want to learn about the type of artists the promoter is working with so that I can view previous marketing strategies and the ability to potentially promote our future gigs. 
5. **_As an Artist/Agent,_** I want to view the company history as I want to work with an experienced promoter who is well connected within the industry. 
6. **_As a Ticketing Agent,_** I want to learn about the promoter’s artists and venues so that I can evaluate ticket sales potential. 
7. **_As a Ticketing Agent/Artist/Agent/Venue Manager,_** I want to find out if the promoter is reputable, credible and approachable in order to potentially be able to build a long-term relationship. 

### EDIT EDIT This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included as a pdf file in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.EDIT EDIT ###

### Strategy

My strategy for the site was to provide reputable content and ease of access to users trying to attain information by utilising key UX principals.
I wanted to incorporate the majority of elements from [Peter Morville's UX Honeycomb](https://books.google.ie/books?id=yLd9DwAAQBAJ&lpg=PA6&dq=ux%20honeycomb%20peter%20morville&pg=PR1#v=onepage&q=ux%20honeycomb%20peter%20morville&f=false) to create a great experience for the user. In particular, I believed that the aspects of "Credible", "Valuable" and "Usable" were highly significant to implement in this project. I felt that the owner images and client list would add to the credibility of the company and the overall site.   

#### Ideal users of this website:
- Artists/Bands/Agents
- Venue Managers
- Ticketing Providers

#### These users are looking for:
- An experienced, credible promoter to work with
- Evidence of promotional work

#### This project is the best way to achieve their goals because:
- Most promoter websites increase the cognitive load on the user. This website enables effortless navigation through the pages building assurance and directing the user towards the contact elements.

### Scope
To achieve the strategy goals, I wanted to include the following features in this production release:
- Carousel - Using emotive imagery of live gigs to signify popularity and successful events. The larger the crowd displayed in the imagery, the greater the indication of high revenue/success for potential clients.
- Embed social media feeds & Spotify playlist - Showcase promotional activity and create buzz for clientbase.

Due to time restraints I was unable to include the following but hope to implement the following features in a future release:
- Blog - To provide updates of upcoming events, and artists' news.
- Live Chat app - To provide instant connection between the user and company with high visibility on the site.  

### Structure 

I decided to create a single page website incorporating only the necessary actions and info required by the ideal users to reduce cognitive overload. 
The navigation bar would include the links to all four sections on the right and the company logo/home link placed on the left to follow industry standard and create familiarity with the user. 
This allows the user to easily learn and understand the structure and effortlessly navigate through the site when using it for the first time. 
I decided that the links would also be strategically placed in the intended journey the user should follow. i.e. About->Artists->Events->Contact. This would allow the user to learn about the experience the promoter has, their credibility in the industry with the artists they represent, the large number of events presented gaining the trust of the user propelling them towards the contact section. 
 
### Skeleton
- [Wireframes](assets/wireframes/wireframes.pdf "Singular Artists Wireframe"): Website contains 4 sections; About (Who We Are), Artists (Who We Represent), Events and a Get In Touch section. I had originally thought about creating a website with a homepage and 4 separate pages but later decided to compile all sections into a single page website to create a better flow.
- Fixed navigation bar and footer. Nav bar contains links pointing to each individual section and the footer contains contact, copyright info and Social Media icons. I also wanted to add a link to allow the user to jump back to the top instead of scrolling to help with UX.

### Surface 

The company logo incorporates the vibrant dual colours of white and bright pink. 
The promoters selected the striking colours to convey a sense of confidence and excitement as a reflection of their industry.
I wanted the brand colours to feature as the accent colours in the CTA's to connect the brand with the actions taken by the user. To allow the CTA's and brand colours to stand out and gain the attention of the user, I wanted to keep the rest of the site monochrome with a white background and black and grey text. This also allows the website to appear less cluttered and minimalistic adding to the overall UX. This color scheme was chosen to create a sleek and modern feel in keeping with the brand.

 typography and design elements will be used? 


## Features

### In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

### For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.
 
### Existing Features
- Home - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- About - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- Artists - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- Events - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- Contact - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z


###In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
###- Another feature idea

 Technologies Used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.

1. HTML
2. CSS
3. Bootstrap CHECK VERSION

Font Awesome
Tinypng


## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Deployment

This site is hosted using GitHub pages, deployed directly from the master branch. The deployed site will update automatically upon new commits to the master branch. In order for the site to deploy correctly on GitHub pages, the landing page must be named index.html.

To run locally, you can clone this repository directly into the editor of your choice by pasting git clone https://natashaclerkin.github.io/singularartistsMS1 into your terminal. To cut ties with this GitHub repository, type git remote rm origin into the terminal.


My project was developed using the IDE, Gitpod. I deployed my website from the GitHub repository to GitHub Pages using the following steps:

1. I selected the Settings tab in my GitHub repository.
![alt text](assets/wireframes/githubpages-1.png "GitHub Pages Deployment Instructions")

2. I located the GitHub Pages section and chose the Master branch as the source to enable GitHub Pages.
![alt text](assets/wireframes/githubpages-2.png "GitHub Pages Deployment Instructions")

3. Once I saved the Master Branch as the source, the page refreshed and I located the URL to the deployed website.
![alt text](assets/wireframes/githubpages-3.png "GitHub Pages Deployment Instructions")

4. I then followed the link to observe and verify the published GitHub page. 
![alt text](assets/wireframes/githubpages-4.png "GitHub Pages Deployment Instructions")








## Credits

### Content
- The text for section Y was copied from the [Wikipedia article Z](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z)

The text for the About Section was copied from:
- the [Nialler9 article](https://nialler9.com/new-irish-music-promotions-company-singular-artists)
- the [Pollstar article](https://www.pollstar.com/article/singular-artists-new-irish-promoter-in-town-backed-by-kilimanjarodeag-146376 )
- the [IQ article](https://www.iq-mag.net/2020/09/deag-launches-ireland-singular-artists)

 
### Media
 The images used in this site were obtained from the following sources:

- Singular Artists Company Logo - [from Singular Artists' Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/wearesingularartists/photos/a.100978908278580/118419983201139/?type=3&theater)
- Singular Artists Company Directors Image - [from Pollstar](https://www.pollstar.com/article/singular-artists-new-irish-promoter-in-town-backed-by-kilimanjarodeag-146376 )
- Dermot Kennedy Carousel Image - [from Ambient Light](https://www.ambientlightblog.com/dermot-kennedy-auckland-nz-2019/dermot-kennedy-feature/)
- Picture This Carousel Image - [from Golden Plec](https://www.goldenplec.com/galleries/picture-this-at-3arena/#image-18)
- Fontaines DC Carousel Image - [from Pollstar](https://www.pollstar.com/article/first-etep-2019-results-already-10-confirmed-festival-slots-for-fontaines-dc-137581)
- Fontaines DC Gallery Image - [from The Face](https://theface.com/music/fontaines-d-c-punk-poetry-a-heros-death-dogrel-interview-grian-chatten)
- Dermot Kennedy Gallery Image - [from Irish Central](https://www.irishcentral.com/culture/entertainment/irish-singer-dermot-kennedy)
- Picture This Gallery Image - [from Official Charts](https://www.officialcharts.com/chart-news/picture-this-top-10-biggest-songs-on-the-official-irish-singles-chart__25912/)
- Hall & Oates Gallery Image - [from Parade](https://parade.com/983201/laurawhitmore/hall-and-oates-2020-tour-dates/)
- Alanis Morissette Gallery Image - [from Hello!](https://ca.hellomagazine.com/celebrities/02020081957212/alanis-morissette-skincare-routine-using-the-body-shop-since-1990s)
- The Dubliners Gallery Image - [from Festivaly](https://festivaly.eu/en/artists/the-dublin-legends/654005)
- Sam Wickens Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Sam Wickens Twitter Account](https://twitter.com/samwickensmusic)
- Ailbhe Reddy Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Read Dork](https://www.readdork.com/features/getting-to-know-ailbhe-reddy)
- Boy Pablo Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Teco Apple](https://tecoapple.com/2020/07/13/boy-pablo-lanca-o-single-honey-e-o-b-side-jds-song/boypablohoneya020/)
- Reevah Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from XS Noise](https://www.xsnoize.com/interview-with-derry-based-americana-folk-artist-reevah/)
- Novo Amor Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Mr Life Day](https://mrlifeday.com/novo-amor-birthplace-and-interview/)
- Pillow Queens Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Giglist](https://giglist.com/buzz/article/review-pillow-queens-handsome-wife)
- Elderbrook Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Official Charts](https://www.officialcharts.com/chart-news/elderbrook-explores-the-power-of-human-connection-on-his-debut-album-why-do-we-shake-in-the-cold-first-listen-preview__31001/)
- Maija Sofia Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Strange Brew](https://www.strangebrew.ie/new-events-1/2020/2/20/maija-sofia)
- Rhys Lewis Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from The Evening Standard](https://www.standard.co.uk/showbiz/celebrity-news/rhys-lewis-my-songs-are-so-personal-it-can-be-awkward-for-the-people-in-them-a3427356.html)
- Fontaines Gallery & Event Listing Image - [from Pollstar](https://www.pollstar.com/article/first-etep-2019-results-already-10-confirmed-festival-slots-for-fontaines-dc-137581)

 The video links used in this site were obtained from the following sources:
- Fontaines DC Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://theface.com/music/fontaines-d-c-punk-poetry-a-heros-death-dogrel-interview-grian-chatten)
- Dermot Kennedy Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.irishcentral.com/culture/entertainment/irish-singer-dermot-kennedy)
- Picture This Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.officialcharts.com/chart-news/picture-this-top-10-biggest-songs-on-the-official-irish-singles-chart__25912/)
- Hall & Oates Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://parade.com/983201/laurawhitmore/hall-and-oates-2020-tour-dates/)
- Alanis Morissette Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://ca.hellomagazine.com/celebrities/02020081957212/alanis-morissette-skincare-routine-using-the-body-shop-since-1990s)
- The Dubliners Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://festivaly.eu/en/artists/the-dublin-legends/654005)
- Sam Wickens Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://twitter.com/samwickensmusic)
- Ailbhe Reddy Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.readdork.com/features/getting-to-know-ailbhe-reddy)
- Boy Pablo Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://tecoapple.com/2020/07/13/boy-pablo-lanca-o-single-honey-e-o-b-side-jds-song/boypablohoneya020/)
- Reevah Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.xsnoize.com/interview-with-derry-based-americana-folk-artist-reevah/)
- Novo Amor Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://mrlifeday.com/novo-amor-birthplace-and-interview/)
- Pillow Queens Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://giglist.com/buzz/article/review-pillow-queens-handsome-wife)
- Elderbrook Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.officialcharts.com/chart-news/elderbrook-explores-the-power-of-human-connection-on-his-debut-album-why-do-we-shake-in-the-cold-first-listen-preview__31001/)
- Maija Sofia Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.strangebrew.ie/new-events-1/2020/2/20/maija-sofia)
- Rhys Lewis Modal Video - [from Youtube](https://www.standard.co.uk/showbiz/celebrity-news/rhys-lewis-my-songs-are-so-personal-it-can-be-awkward-for-the-people-in-them-a3427356.html)




### Acknowledgements

I received inspiration for this project from my ticketing client, Singular Artists who have yet to create a company website.
I would like to thank my mentor Guido Cecilio forhis guidance and support and Jim Morel on Slack.
